HOY In the previous lectures we have been talking about unsupervised clustering algorithms focusing
on K means clustering and basically we have of Kamins clustering.
We are able to make an algorithm that's capable of classifying articles.
So basically we are able to use Kamins clustering for natural language processing.
And if you may recall we have been talking about natural language processing and tax clustering.
When we were talking about native base logarithm there we had been talking about how to classify the
20 news groups dataset when we had that taxed and the labels accordingly.
Now in this case we are not going to have the labels.
The algorithm is going to decide how to closter given sentence's articles and documents.
For example we are going to classify these sentences as you can see we are going to have sentences concerning
science.
Quantum physics is quite important in science.
Nowhere does it has something to do with physics.
Physics is a science.
Software engineering is hotter and hotter topic in the silicon Wally.
It has something to do with computer science.
So basically these two sentences have something to do with science.
These three sentences has something to do with investment and trading investing in stock and trading
with them are not that easy.
Forex is the stock market for trading currencies.
Warren Buffett is famous for making good investments.
He knows the stock market.
So basically these articles and sentences are about stock market investment trading.
OK.
So we are going to have to closter as we are looking for two clusters and we are able to analyze these
sentences with the help of natural language processing.
What do we have to do.
This is what we have been discussing that we need to measure tax similarity and then we need a clustering
logarithm such as gamins clustering.
First of all we have to talk in the words.
So basically we have to make sure that the sentences are going to be transformed into a one dimensional
array of strains.
But it's not that good because there's a problem we should get rid of words that do not contain much
information such as my the is you and this is why the IDF approach came to be.
So this is what we are going to use with the app of gamins clustering.
So first of all we have this method tokenizer it's going to use the word tokenizer from the A.T. k.
It has something to do with nature will lend which tool kit.
OK so first we have to tokenized these stacks.
The text is basically a given sentence.
OK.
So this verse tokenizer is going to take quantum physics is quite important.
So it's going to take a given sentence and it's going to return a one dimensional array of streams.
Basically the given words.
Ok then we have this stammer because it is a good approach as far as natural language processing is
concerned to deal with the standard.
What is it mean that if we have for example phisher it's going to be transformed to fish if we had the
word finished it's going to be transformed to fish if we have learned fishing it's going to be transformed
to fish.
So this is what this portrays stammered Dadds.
It's going to take several different verbs.
But as you can see the stand is the same fish.
OK.
So this is what we are going to do with the porter Stemmer.
And it was very important that we are going to deal with the birds.
That's not an invalid stop Verd.
What is an English Stop word.
This is what we have been discussing that we have to get rid of words that do not contain much information.
My the is you and so on and Python is quite convenient in this sense because top words as you can see
we are able to import Stoppard's from and LDK that corpus is going to store every word concerning English
that do not contain information on you is the.
And so on.
So for the tokens if t is not in the Stoppard's we are not going to consider stop words because they
do not contain information then we just have to use the CFIT vectorize or the tokenizer is equal to
the tokenizer or we can define it.
Then we have to stop verbs and we don't have to collect them.
So you don't have to create a one dimensional array for example.
Mine is you and so on because we are able to import it from and LDK that corpus OK and then we just
have to fit transform the given sentences we have to instantiate k means clustering and we would like
to create as many clusters as we define.
OK then we have to feed the Kamins clustering model as well.
And basically we just have to differentiate the good and sentencings located in different clusters.
OK so here we have the sentences here we have the number of clusters we just cluster the sentences and
we just iterate through and basically print out the plasterers and the sentences accordingly.
So let's see as we have discussed earlier we have five sentences.
Two of them have something to do with science.
And three of them have something to do with the stock market and investment.
OK so I'm going to clear the console and let's run.
Taxed OK means that.
And as you can see or algorithm is working fine in this case it is an unsupervised learning algorithm
because we just have the sentences we don't have any labels that this sentence has something to do with
science.
This sentence has something to do with science and so what it is an honest super wide learning algorithm.
And as you can see k means clustering has managed to find two clusters one with quantum physics and
software engineering and the second cluster contains investing in stocks for x is the stock market and
the Warren Buffett related sentence.
So basically it is working quite fine.
So this is how we make tax clustering with the help of the Kamins machine learning algorithm.
Thanks for watching.